Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
In a world where pureness backfires on us
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
Can I fight again next week?
Magical Girl and Chocolate
I'll wear a cute costume
And shine in a pose
Turn my pure feelings into magic
I’ll wish peace for everyone
And stand up to the evil
That, the anonymous dissed
"You're really XXX, aren't you?"
“To be honest, you’re XXX, aren't you?"
Because that's what you believe,
You want everyone to be XXX, don't you
With a worn-out,
Common rumor
My magic stick rusts away
Who knows, who knows
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit (sigh)
I want to quit being a magical girl (sigh)
'Cause I don't know who's friend or foe
“Sly”
“Greedy”
“Ridiculous”
“Outrageous”
Like chocolate that melts magic
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
In a world where pureness backfires on us
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit (sigh)
I want to quit being a magical girl (sigh)
I only want to protect the ones I love
Я
DAN-DAN-DI-DAN-DAN-DAN-DI-DAN
Я DAN-DAN-DI-DAN-DAN-DAN-DI
I'm getting more and more
Selfish
My magic is boiling over
The potion mixed with dissatisfaction goes
Poof
"You're all XXX, right?”
"You’re all XXX deep inside, right?”
I’m so angry, I’ll XXX you all in my head
Retaliation is nonsense,
Don't let it bother me
A brooch that lost its light
I'm rotting, I'm rotting
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit (sigh)
I want to quit being a magical girl (sigh)
Every time I meet the expectations of my audience
“Perfect"
“Superhuman"
“Honest”
“Innocent"
Like chocolate covered with lies
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
The sweet taste is addictive, isn't it
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit (sigh)
I want to quit being a magical girl (sigh)
Aren’t you waiting for everyone to say “please don’t quit”?
The good-intentioned XXX
And the worrying XXX of my fans
XXXXX!!
It's all fallen on deaf ears
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit
I want to quit being a magical girl
'Cause I don't know who's friend or foe
“Sly”
“Greedy”
“Ridiculous”
“Outrageous”
Like chocolate that melts magic
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
I’ll use my magic to erase them all
Sigh
To be honest, I want to quit (sigh)
I want to quit being a magical girl (sigh)
I’ve erased myself as well, goodbye
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
In a world where pureness backfires on us
Я
LALI-PA-PALA-PA-PA-PALA-PA
I hope you'll watch me again next week